<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>
<p>Last updated: December 09, 2025</p>
<p>This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.</p>
<p>We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the <a href="https://www.privacypolicies.com/privacy-policy-generator/" target="_blank">Privacy Policy Generator</a>.</p>
<h2>Interpretation and Definitions</h2>
<h3>Interpretation</h3>
<p>The words whose initial letters are capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.</p>
<h3>Definitions</h3>
<p>For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>Account</strong> means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Affiliate</strong> means an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party, where &quot;control&quot; means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Application</strong> refers to Bloc Party, the software program provided by the Company.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Company</strong> (referred to as either &quot;the Company&quot;, &quot;We&quot;, &quot;Us&quot; or &quot;Our&quot; in this Agreement) refers to Bloc Party.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Country</strong> refers to: Minnesota, United States</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Device</strong> means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cell phone or a digital tablet.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Personal Data</strong> is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Service</strong> refers to the Application.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Service Provider</strong> means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>Usage Data</strong> refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>You</strong> means the individual accessing or using the Service.</p></li>
</ul>
<h2>Collecting and Using Your Personal Data</h2>
<h3>Types of Data Collected</h3>
<h4>Personal Data</h4>
<p>While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Email address</p></li>
<li><p>First name and last name</p></li>
<li><p>Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City</p></li>
<li><p>Usage Data</p></li>
</ul>
<h4>Usage Data</h4>
<p>Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service. Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.</p>
<h3>Use of Your Personal Data</h3>
<p>The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:</p>
<ul>
<li><p><strong>To provide and maintain our Service</strong>, including to monitor the usage of our Service.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>To manage Your Account</strong> and registration as a user of the Service.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>To contact You</strong> via email or push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the Service.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>To manage Your requests</strong> to Us.</p></li>
</ul>
<h3>Retention of Your Personal Data</h3>
<p>The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.</p>
<h3>Delete Your Personal Data</h3>
<p>You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You. You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account and visiting the account settings section.</p>
<h3>Security of Your Personal Data</h3>
<p>The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.</p>
<h2>Children's Privacy</h2>
<p>Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.</p>
<h2>Changes to this Privacy Policy</h2>
<p>We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.</p>
<h2>Contact Us</h2>
<p>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:</p>
<ul>
<li>By email: oien0034@d.umn.edu</li>
</ul>
